`run_Analysis.do' generates a sample of workers from the 1996, 2001, 
2004, and 2008 SIPP panels who are observed to transition from 
employment to unemployment and then back to employment within the 
SIPP sample period. As in FM, we record a worker's monthly labor 
force status according to their reported labor force status for the 
second week of the month. 

The code works as follows:

1. First, we assemble a dataset recording contiguous periods of 
unemployment for all workers in the sample (lines 29, "frame change 
subset`panel'" to line 68, "frget eu_index = eu_index, 
from(subsubset)"). We generate unique within-individual indices for 
each contiguous unemployment spell that begins with a transition 
from employment. We record the beginning date and ending date for 
each such spell.

2. We then generate a separate sample to record sequences of job IDs 
held by workers throughout the sample. The SIPP has two fields for 
job ID, eeno1 and eeno2. These variables take fixed values for each 
wave, comprising a four month period. The sequence of job-holding 
over months within a wave, however, can be discerned reported 
earnings for the jobs, tpmsum1 and tpmsum2, which can vary across 
months within a wave. Alternatively, a researcher can use the 
variables tsjdate1 and tsjdate2 to learn the start date of a job 
within a wave, conditional on it starting during a wave; and the variables tsedate1 
and tsedate2 to learn the ending date of a job within a wave, 
conditional on it ending during a wave. Both approaches yield nearly 
identical results. However, given that the ts*date* variables are 
reported only once within a wave, they cannot be used to discern 
certain patterns of job holding, e.g., such as when a worker may 
have multiple gaps of employment at a job within a wave.

We report a worker employed and working at a job if the worker 
reports that they are employed in the second week of a month 
(rwkesr2==1 or rwkesr2==2). We assign a jobID to employed workers 
for each month of a wave on the basis of their reported job ID 
variables and 

do we have instances in which a worker does nto have
